TINY-9776: add the possibility to paste images with `mceInsertClipboardContent` (#8815)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

### Changed
- The pattern replacement removes spaces if they were contained in a tag that only contains a space and the text to replace. #TINY-9744

> - Now `mceInsertClipboardContent` also manage image pasting. #TINY-9776

Reviewer: Mayeb change it to:

```suggestion
- The `mceInsertClipboardContent` command will now also accept a `files` property to insert images. #TINY-9776
```

Author: done
